ok
we gather together here this precious
wonderful exciting loving beautiful
evening to bring together Omar and
Juliana and holy matrimony marriage is
an honorable estate instituted by
Almighty God it's declared by Saint Paul
to be honorable among old men it should
not be entered into without holy advice
or lightly but reverently solar
advisedly and in the fear of God I like
to charge you both on your special
wonderful spectacular 11 day here as you
stand in the presence of Almighty God to
remember that true love and thankful
observance of your wedding vows are
required as the foundation of a
successful marriage and the
establishment of a peppy and enduring
home without these that can be no real
marriage and the home that you will
endeavour to establish will be a vain
effort keep the solemn vows you are
about to make on this wonderful day
live with tender consideration with each
other conduct your lives and honesty and
truth and your marriage will last Omar
Juliana even before God had spoke the
world into existence he had seen that
you two would be here on the seventeenth
day of sep tember 2005 in the low Church
of the West becoming husband and wife
nothing takes god by surprise you have
been ordained by God from the
foundations of the world to live the
rest of your lives together as an
example to your children to your family
to your friends to the community into
the whole wide world and the Holy Bible
of the book of Proverbs in Old Testament
in room 18 chapter 20 second verse God
spoke through King Solomon it reads as
following he who finds a wife finds a
great treasure and obtained favor from
god and we all need favor can die and in
the New Testament in the first book of
Corinthians in the thirteenth chapters
referred to as a love chapter as the
Spirit of God moved upon the Apostle
Paul he begins to write and this is how
he closes out his letter love is kind
love is patient love does not behave
itself unseemly love seek not her own
way love is not arrogant love is not
jealous love is not puffed up but love
believe all things at football things
that endure all things now we have these
three faith hope and love but the
sovereign God who spoke the world into
existence with jess's word is sent to
you two young people this night as you
begin the greatest journey of your life
will be your love your love will conquer
all the wind
rain the storms any adversity that may
try to entertain your life or your
marriage if a few hundred years from
today always remember it will be your
love that will see you through mapou
flowers for you Giuliana
and I need Omar and Juliana to turn it
face one another look one another
straight and I hold hands and let's
repeat the wedding vows I omar i take
the juliana to be my wedded wife to have
and to hold from this day forward for
better or for worse for richer or for
poorer in sickness and in health to love
and to cherish till death do us part
I pledge my faith
I bet my faith my thank you or more hi
Giuliana take the Omar to be my wedded
husband to have into old
from this day forward for better or
worse
richer or poorer in sickness and health
to love and cherish till death do us
part I pledge my thing thank you vote so
kindly Omar will you take Giuliana's
rain put it on her left hand third
finger please
yes thank you
Joanna will you take Omar's rain from
the Panther painter please
now may have your flowers back
continually to hold and let us have a
prep for the success in the prosperity
of your marriage let us pray dear
Heavenly Father in the name of Jesus we
thank you for this loving couple as they
begin the most important journey of
their life is marriage journey we
petition your throne that you would
bless this marriage it would be a
success it would be prosperous it would
be an example to the whole wide world
Lederman got him in the right direction
we invite you to be honored guests at
this wedding this evening turn the water
into the wine of joy and may they always
experience respect compassion friendship
love joy peace and laughter throughout
eternity amen with your footie that is
invested in me by Almighty God in the
state of Nevada I gladly joyfully
pronounce you husband and wife in the
name of the Father the Son in the sweet
Holy Spirit those who God has joined
together never let no man put asunder
and I may kiss your bride
graduation
you